hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so the
LGG 7 was just announced and i was able
to use this phone at a media event so I
thought it'd give some just kind of
early impressions on this phone but
before I get into that I want to talk
about the whole phone line as a whole I
have this love/hate relationship with
LG's phones the very first Android phone
I ever purchased was the g4 I absolutely
loved that phone until it started boot
looping and even the refurb unit that I
got to replace it also boot looped the
g5 didn't love very much the g6 was also
a great phone but this g7 was rumored or
even reported to have been discontinued
at the beginning of the year there like
reports of this thing just being
straight-up axed from LG's lineup but
here we are in mid 2018 and it's finally
here now this phone is gonna be really
divisive because of one main feature
it's the knotch and I would even call it
a feature it's like a physical
characteristic some people hate it
some people are tolerant of it and maybe
a small percentage of people like it but
the fact remains it's a knotch and
aesthetically speaking I much prefer
devices that don't have notches there's
a lot of phone companies out there that
actually take advantage of the notch
like the iPhone 10 it requires a notch
because there's just no bezel around the
bottom and the top but on this phone the
g7 does have a bottom bezel and there's
a bit of a top bezel so I feel like the
notch wasn't entirely necessary it
almost feels like they put this in just
for aesthetics like they somehow thought
that this would look good with a notch
which I personally don't find that does
so here's the thing
there's a lot of Chinese phone
manufacturers out there that put a notch
on their 2018 phones just so could look
like the iPhone 10 and I kind of get it
for them because they don't have like
design teams really and they just kind
of go with whatever they think is
working out there but not for LG I don't
think they needed to do it like LG's
good with innovation they're really
strong with innovation why they like why
are they doing this it bugs me that
leads there so yeah right off the bat
I don't like this notch but the good
thing is you can kind of hide it with
their software so they have this feature
in settings where you can basically turn
the whole top of the screen black and it
essentially masks the knotch now in
order for this to work that black has to
look really black and fortunately it
does because the screen is incredibly
good it's a hundred percent dcpip three
color gamut
it's very nice image the blacks looks
super inky and the colors are really
vibrant as well to the point where I
thought it was an OLED panel but it is
an LCD screen so you don't have issues
like OLED burnin it's definitely a nicer
looking screen than the LG G six I'd say
it's very similar in appearance to the
s9 screen it's really nice and it's also
a 1440p panel the speaker is loud like
really loud they claimed 10 times louder
than some of the competitors and I don't
know where they're coming with that
number but it is loud it's using some
resonance chamber designs so it's
supposed to amp up the bass levels and
because it's an LG flagship they're
sticking their quad DAC in here so if
you're an audiophile you're gonna love
the headphone jack and that improved
audio quality coming from that jack so
they also have an assistant button on
the side and this actually launches the
Google assistant you can't remap it but
you can turn it off it's kind of like
house Samsung has their bixby button but
this launches a Google assistant the
camera uses two lenses again with one of
them being a wide-angle lens and I've
said this before in my previous videos
but I absolutely love phones with
wide-angle camera lenses as the
secondary lens they're just much prefer
a wide-angle / zoom now I haven't spent
enough time with this camera to give
details opinions on it but it does have
this AI feature where the camera tries
to analyze the scene that you're looking
at and then it will adjust the camera
settings to best optimize a shot now
it's very early stages of the software I
wasn't able to test this camera
thoroughly but the idea of it is pretty
neat the other features in this phone
like snapdragon 845 ip68 waterproofing
it's all gonna be very 2018 flagship
feeling with your fingerprint sensor on
the back and an iris scanner the
batteries of 3000 milliamp hours is not
particularly big but because the screen
uses I think like 30% less energy than
the previous version I think that's
pretty cool the battery life should be
good but just don't expect it to be
amazing or anything like that so early
impressions of this phone the hardware
is great it is an LG flagship but
they're always like pretty good with
hardware it's got some unique features
I've really liked the LCD screen on it
it's probably the best LCD screen on the
market it's got the wide-angle lens and
really good audio quality from the deck
these are features that are relatively
unique to the LG flagships now the
knotch
is something that I feel like they could
have done without don't feel like it has
a lot to this phone but it is what it is
the g7 has a notch now the most
important thing about this phone is this
price tag and right now at the time of
this video and at the media event they
didn't reveal its final price so I can't
really like give recommend
but I will say this the technology is
good on this phone the hardware is good
and if it's priced well I think it's a
good option okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time